Meng'er's father is late
I made you feel wronged, dad
Uncle Song, you are finally here
Who did it? Who did it?
That's him!
You must teach this dog man and woman a good lesson
Never make them feel better
Mr. Xiao, Mr. Xiao, Brother Wang
He is the liar you mentioned.
Three years of limping
Still cheating on food and drink at the Su family
Still relying on the Qin family to support behind
The one who pointed fingers at the thirty-third family in Qinzhou
qi depression
depressed
You've gone too far, you're going to be caught now
Can still barely keep a line Wang family head
You really look at me like that
If Brother Wang dares to speak, he must dare to admit it
I told you.
The people behind this kid are a bunch of paper tigers
Can't make a big climate
How did things get to this point?
是啊我也没想过事情为什
么会发展成这样
And I thought that...
After your royal family passed the Shenlong banquet
Long memory
But I didn't expect
So stupid